The viral, fan-favorite returns for a limited time only, featuring the iconic Dubai Chocolate Inspired Sundae, Pistachio Chocolate Bar Ice Cream and more. It’s the flavor combo the world’s hooked on – sweet ‘n nutty pistachio paired with rich chocolate. Baskin-Robbins® is bringing the craveable combination back this spring in the best form: ice cream. Baskin-Robbins’ twist on the viral Dubai Chocolate Bar is back for April and May. Here by popular demand, the Dubai Chocolate‑inspired lineup delivers the craveable, creamy‑crunchy texture fans can’t get enough of, featuring the Dubai Chocolate Sundae alongside a brand‑new Dubai Chocolate Inspired Cake in a Box, plus a shake and scoop that bring the viral flavor combo to life in deliciously indulgent ways. Guests can scoop into the full Dubai Chocolate‑inspired collection, including:

Dubai Chocolate Sundae: Three scoops of fan‑fave Pistachio Chocolate Bar Ice Cream, loaded with hot fudge and kadayif, and topped with whipped cream, pistachio sauce, fudge drizzle and kadayif for a creamy‑yet‑crunchy bite that delivers pure bliss on repeat.
Dubai Chocolate Inspired Cake in a Box: Layers of indulgence, featuring chocolate cake, fudge, decadently crunchy pistachio and kadayif mix, rich Pistachio Chocolate Bar Ice Cream, more fudge, more pistachio and kadayif mix, and whipped frosting, finished with chopped almonds, pistachio sauce and fudge drizzle – all made fresh and packed into a convenient, re‑closeable box.
Dubai Chocolate Shake: The ultimate frozen treat, blending Pistachio Chocolate Bar Ice Cream into a creamy sip, mixed with pistachio sauce and finished with a fudge drizzle cup garnish, then topped with whipped cream, pistachio sauce and kadayif for a sweet, chocolatey experience in every sip.Pistachio Chocolate Bar Ice Cream: The viral favorite as a delish scoop, featuring rich pistachio and chocolate ice creams packed with pistachio pieces and irresistible chocolate crunch swirls – a true fan‑fave flavor. Creamy yet crunchy in every bite, the collection delivers an unmatched texture combination fans will want to experience again and again. “The pistachio and chocolate combination quickly became a fan obsession,” said Nicole Boutwell, Vice President of Brand Marketing and Culinary at Baskin-Robbins. “After seeing just how much guests loved our Dubai Chocolate inspired lineup this past Fall, we knew we had to bring it back. This time around, we’re making it even more craveable with the debut of our new Dubai Chocolate Inspired Cake in a Box, giving guests another delicious way to enjoy the flavor they couldn’t get enough of.” Available for a limited time only this April and May, the Dubai Chocolate-inspired collection is the perfect way to experience the viral flavor combo as a scoop, sundae, shake – or a layered cake treat. To learn more about Baskin-Robbins’ premium ice cream flavors, beverages and frozen desserts, visit www.BaskinRobbins.com, download the BR App, and follow along on Instagram, TikTok, X and Facebook.