Spotted: a delicious new addition to McDonald's menu. Welcome to your one and only source for updates on the new menu items, returning fan-favorites and limited-time offers making their way to restaurants across the U.S.

03.03.2026

Starting March 3 for a limited time, McDonald's is going BIG. Like, really BIG.

Introducing the BIG ARCH™ BURGER: a premium flavor experience that delivers BIG with every bite. It’s our “most McDonald’s, McDonald’s burger” yet – a love letter to fans who simply can’t get enough – and features a dream team of mouth-watering ingredients:

Two quarter pound beef patties*
Three slices of melted white cheddar cheese
Crispy and slivered onions
Fresh lettuce   
Tangy pickles  
Toasted buns, featuring sesame and poppy seeds
Our game-changing Big Arch Sauce – a tangy, creamy sauce with a perfect balance of mustard, pickle and sweet tomato flavors

Ready for BIG flavor? Get your hands on the McDonald’s Big Arch burger at participating restaurants nationwide for a limited time.  

*Weight before cooking 4 oz.

01.27.2026

Roses are red, violets are blue...introducing Hot Honey Sauce, something we made just for you!  

We thought your perfect go-to order deserved something perfectly sweet yet spicy for this Valentine’s season, so we created a sauce that’ll make your heart skip a beat.

Hot Honey Sauce is dropping on Jan. 27 at participating McDonald’s restaurants nationwide – just in time for the season of love.  

And there’s more to love than just the sauce – we're giving you something you didn’t know you needed: Hot Honey Sauce all day.

Hot Honey Sausage Egg Biscuit: A pork sausage patty with folded egg, drizzled with that Hot Honey Sauce perfection – altogether delivering 17g of protein.
Bacon Hot Honey McCrispy® Sandwich: Our signature McCrispy filet topped with spicy and sweet Hot Honey Sauce, thick-cut applewood smoked bacon, crispy jalapeños, shredded lettuce and creamy mayo served on a toasted potato roll – packed with 34g of protein.
Hot Honey McCrispy® Sandwich: Made with our signature McCrispy filet topped with spicy and sweet Hot Honey Sauce, crispy jalapeños, shredded lettuce and creamy mayo served on a toasted potato roll – packed with 26g of protein.
Hot Honey Snack Wrap®: A crispy, juicy McCrispy strip topped with shredded cheese, shredded lettuce and our limited-edition Hot Honey Sauce wrapped in a tortilla – packing 17g of protein.
Hot Honey Sauce Dip Cup: A blend of sweet honey and spicy heat, infused with a subtle vinegar note. It’s the perfect addition to any McDonald’s order!
So, whether your love language is a grab-and-go breakfast, daytime craving, an afternoon treat or a late-night snack, let’s take our sweet relationship to a whole new level and spice things up with Hot Honey Sauce. You’ll be lovin’ it as much as we do. 

11.03.2025

Cowboys, cowgirls, city-slickers, and sauce aficionados – saddle up. There’s a new sauce in town, and it’s the ultimate mild-meets-wild fix for fans who can’t quite decide which flavor profile they want to explore.

Available nationwide by Nov. 3, the new Buffalo Ranch Sauce gives fans a blend of tangy & bold buffalo sauce, balanced by cool & creamy ranch. With flavor notes of buttermilk, garlic and onion that lend a subtle sweetness as gentle heat builds to a savory spice finish – it’s the best of both worlds.

Consider Buffalo Ranch Sauce the perfect match for your favorite chicken items, with limited-time offerings like:

Buffalo Ranch Snack Wrap® – Featuring a crispy, juicy and tender McCrispy Strip with shredded cheese, cool and crisp shredded lettuce and Buffalo Ranch Sauce, all wrapped up and ready to go for $2.99*.

Bacon Buffalo Ranch McCrispy® – This McCrispy makeover pairs thick-cut applewood smoked bacon and crinkle-cut pickles with Buffalo Ranch Sauce atop our crispy, juicy and tender McCrispy filet on a toasted potato roll.

Bacon Buffalo Ranch Deluxe McCrispy® – For even more flavor, the Deluxe version adds shredded lettuce and Roma tomatoes alongside thick-cut applewood smoked bacon and Buffalo Ranch Sauce atop our crispy, juicy and tender McCrispy filet on a toasted potato roll.

McCrispy® Strips with Buffalo Ranch Dip Cup – Enjoy Buffalo Ranch Sauce on the side with McCrispy Strips, which are perfectly coated with golden-brown breading and delicious black pepper flavor.

And for our boldest cowboys and cowgirls who like to take their own path? Grab it a la carte and sauce up any menu item you choose. Head to participating McDonald’s restaurants and lasso in the bold new flavors of the Buffalo Ranch Sauce – available nationwide by Nov. 3 for a limited time only.

*Prices and participation may vary.